org/space/vc/config/ApplicationConfig.java
 org.space.vc.config.ApplicationConfig
org/space/vc/service/GithubVersionControlSearchService.java
 org.space.vc.service.GithubVersionControlSearchService
org/space/vc/converter/UserDtoConverter.java
 org.space.vc.converter.UserDtoConverter
org/space/vc/service/VersionControlSearchService.java
 org.space.vc.service.VersionControlSearchService
org/space/vc/integration/github/domain/repository/Repository.java
 org.space.vc.integration.github.domain.repository.Repository
org/space/vc/config/SwaggerConfig.java
 org.space.vc.config.SwaggerConfig
org/space/vc/integration/github/domain/repository/RepositoryItem.java
 org.space.vc.integration.github.domain.repository.RepositoryItem
org/space/vc/integration/github/domain/EntityInfo.java
 org.space.vc.integration.github.domain.EntityInfo
org/space/vc/dto/RepositoryDto.java
 org.space.vc.dto.RepositoryDto
 org.space.vc.dto.RepositoryDto$RepositoryDtoBuilder
org/space/vc/integration/github/GitHubSearchApiClient.java
 org.space.vc.integration.github.GitHubSearchApiClient
org/space/vc/converter/RepositoryDtoConverter.java
 org.space.vc.converter.RepositoryDtoConverter
org/space/vc/integration/github/domain/user/UserUrlPointer.java
 org.space.vc.integration.github.domain.user.UserUrlPointer
org/space/vc/dto/UserDto.java
 org.space.vc.dto.UserDto
 org.space.vc.dto.UserDto$UserDtoBuilder
org/space/vc/integration/github/SimpleSearchFilter.java
 org.space.vc.integration.github.SimpleSearchFilter
 org.space.vc.integration.github.SimpleSearchFilter$Builder
org/space/vc/Application.java
 org.space.vc.Application
org/space/vc/integration/github/FilterRules.java
 org.space.vc.integration.github.FilterRules
 org.space.vc.integration.github.FilterRules$Operation
 org.space.vc.integration.github.FilterRules$Order
 org.space.vc.integration.github.FilterRules$Sort
org/space/vc/integration/github/domain/repository/RepositoryStatistic.java
 org.space.vc.integration.github.domain.repository.RepositoryStatistic
org/space/vc/dto/RepositoryStatisticDto.java
 org.space.vc.dto.RepositoryStatisticDto
 org.space.vc.dto.RepositoryStatisticDto$RepositoryStatisticDtoBuilder
org/space/vc/integration/github/GithubSearchService.java
 org.space.vc.integration.github.GithubSearchService
org/space/vc/dto/UserUrlPointerDto.java
 org.space.vc.dto.UserUrlPointerDto
 org.space.vc.dto.UserUrlPointerDto$UserUrlPointerDtoBuilder
org/space/vc/dto/RepositoryStateDto.java
 org.space.vc.dto.RepositoryStateDto
 org.space.vc.dto.RepositoryStateDto$RepositoryStateDtoBuilder
org/space/vc/integration/github/domain/user/User.java
 org.space.vc.integration.github.domain.user.User
org/space/vc/dto/RepositoryUrlPointerDto.java
 org.space.vc.dto.RepositoryUrlPointerDto
 org.space.vc.dto.RepositoryUrlPointerDto$RepositoryUrlPointerDtoBuilder
org/space/vc/dto/ErrorMessageDto.java
 org.space.vc.dto.ErrorMessageDto
org/space/vc/dto/EntityInfoDto.java
 org.space.vc.dto.EntityInfoDto
 org.space.vc.dto.EntityInfoDto$EntityInfoDtoBuilder
org/space/vc/exception/IllegalFilterStateException.java
 org.space.vc.exception.IllegalFilterStateException
org/space/vc/integration/github/Qualifier.java
 org.space.vc.integration.github.Qualifier
org/space/vc/integration/github/domain/repository/RepositoryState.java
 org.space.vc.integration.github.domain.repository.RepositoryState
org/space/vc/integration/github/domain/repository/Permission.java
 org.space.vc.integration.github.domain.repository.Permission
org/space/vc/web/handler/GlobalErrorHandler.java
 org.space.vc.web.handler.GlobalErrorHandler
org/space/vc/integration/github/domain/repository/RepositoryUrlPointer.java
 org.space.vc.integration.github.domain.repository.RepositoryUrlPointer
org/space/vc/dto/RepositoryItemDto.java
 org.space.vc.dto.RepositoryItemDto
 org.space.vc.dto.RepositoryItemDto$RepositoryItemDtoBuilder
org/space/vc/web/controller/SearchController.java
 org.space.vc.web.controller.SearchController
